the xata started maranhão marking at 11 minutes took the leftover rebound that
It touches down one to zero the anapolina maranhão was the one who made
now raul touched to the extent to promulgate the pec at 37 to send in there
couto anapolina that now has two little bitches has nothing in the second half
thiaguinho left for goal and rafael made the cover but was penalized
for the morrinhos
osmar charged this penalty he put the ball in the corner anapolina tourism rivers
or
the anapolina both in these championships rafael archer headed down but
hit the goalkeeper matheus
luiz henrique annoyed the owl he signed send her where she sleeps next to him
goal but went away
at 32 sidinei launched in the area and osmar scored and the goal is the equalizer
anapolina authors on the river the tories
luiz henrique left and was overthrown the judge thought he was told he spring
kicked out was correct
the xata marks one more fear of the dc titled cast bruno saucers he closed the
Goal now anapolina 3 on the river the two he was prevented
to the 45 minutes the footstep escanteio the anapolina 3 morrinhos also 3
who scored is current with head
at the end of the side-dick time of the ball he misses because his pulse
to extend euros
and it was called jonas duarte anapolina 3 cookies I will also have